
"Good evening, Derek. I'm Sridhar, I am from Core Team which Arvind leads, and I've been with the company for over five years.

I'm thrilled to present one of our in-house and interesting Platform to you today. It's called Inventa

Back in 2018, the only tools available for building RPA bots were WinAutomation and Automation Anywhere, which lacked the ability to create RDA bots. With this opportunity we have starded building this platform. I'm assuming You might already be familiar with the terms RPA and RDA.  RPA bots run on a dedicated server on a specified schedule, whereas RDA bots are controlled by users and operate on their own desktops.



To built any automation solution, in first place we need to have a environment to design, develop and build, secondly we need to have a platform to deploy the bots and deliver it to end users. By looking at the RDA design, As mentioned above, these RDA solutions will be controlled by user and will be executed in his desktop, And these bots generally consume keboard and mouse hooks,Also underlying applications should be in focus. Due to this, the user has to sit idle just watchng it or go for a coffee or a break until the bot completes process. Also to quick start any  automation, it would be greate if we have detailed Bussiness Requirment Document or a Stadanrd operating procedure. In our Day to Day job we see a lot of bussiness process which deal with scanned PDFs or scanned images.

Over the period , we have come up with wide array of products to deliver end to end automation solutions by addressing these problem statments.



- Inspace: 
	A patented idea of ours, this tool enables users to run multiple bots concurrently in isolated spaces.
	=> RDA bots, by nature, run on a user's desktop and utilize mouse and keyboard hooks. Additionally, they often require the underlying systems to be in focus, which can leave users 	idle while the bots complete their tasks. Our solution was to create a method for running RDA bots in isolated sessions, allowing users to work freely on their regular tasks.

	We conducted extensive research on how Microsoft Windows sessions operate. Microsoft, by default, enables three sessions for each user's desktop:
	- Session 1: "Ctrl+Alt+Del" session, allowing only Ctrl+Alt+Del.
	- Session 2: "Login Session," where users can enter their credentials.
	- Session 3: "Desktop," where regular tasks occur.
	
	Microsoft allows us to extend these sessions to include additional functionality using their Kernel APIs. We leverage these low-level APIs to create isolated spaces where one bot 	can run without affecting the main session.

	UiPath also offers a similar feature called "Picture-In-Picture," but it relies on the "Remote Desktop" feature. Our company standards dictate that we disable "Remote Desktop." 	UiPath requested our assistance to address their PIP issue, and they've since incorporated another feature to run bots in isolated spaces in their latest versions


- Inventa Process Discovery: 
	Another patented application, it automates the creation of process-related documents.
	If we have to create any Standard Operating Procedure Document or Bussiness requirment documents, we write the steps, details and insert screenshorts if required any. Preparing 	documents like this is mundane and time taking task. With this tool, documents will be generated by screen recording feature by capturing user activities.


- Inventa Appstore: 
	This is a vital part of our platform, functioning much like Google PlayStore or Apple Appstore. Once bot development is complete, we deploy the bots here, making them accessible to 	end users without the need for additional installations.
- Inventa Snippo: 
	Day to day job, we see a lot of scanned images, we will have a requirment to to extract content from these images, It is not possible to every one to utilize OCR engines like Tesseract, Google API Microsoft OCR ..Etc for small Tasks. This patented tool simplifies text extraction from scanned images on the - fly.
- CER Capture/Sox Testing Tool: 
	A business-specific use case of Process Discovery,Sox-Testing team collectes the evidence when they performing controls testing and prepare test evidence document,this is again mundane and time taking process for them to prepare these documents in their day to day job.  this tool assists SOX testing team to automate evidence document creation process.
- Inventa OCR: 
	A feature within Inventa RDA that automates OCR-based automations.
- Inventa Studio: 
	Think of this as an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for screen scraping and logic development.

Inventa RDA:


To date, we've deployed nearly 100 RDA bots, with some of them boasting a substantial user base of over 1,000 users. The cost of deploying UiPath bots to such a large user base would be astronomical. Since Inventa is our in-house product, there are no per-user costs.

Inspace:


.

This approach enables our users to maintain productivity while benefiting from the automation provided by Inventa."






=> Hello Derek, Good evening, I'm Sridhar and I'm the solution architect here, I have been with JPMC for more than 5 years
=> I am excited to present one of our home-grown product with you today.

=> The Product name is Inventa, Infact we can consider this as platform since it provides variety of services and tools to help us to design, build, deploy,maintain and scale the automation solutions.

=> We have started developing this platform since 2018

=> As mention we have below tools for different purposes, I will get into the deeper on the specific tool in the next slides but highlevel

Inventa RDA - we built this tool to help us to design and develop RDA bots.

Inspace: This is one of our patented Idea, This tool helps user to run mutliple buts simuontously in an isolated spaces.

Inventa Process Discovery:This is another patented application, This tool helps users to create process related documents in an automated way.
Inventa Stuio: This is basically an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) to do screen scraping the underlying system fields then will be used in developing bot logic.

Inventa Appstore: This is an very important application in the entire platform. It acts similar as Google PlayStore or Apple Appstore. Once we complete bot development, we deploy those bots in this appstore and deliver it to end users. with this application user can use their Bots without installing any prerequisites in thier system.

Inventa Snippo: This is another great patented tool which we have in our platform. This tool helps user to extract the text from scanned Images on the fly. 

CER Capture/Sox Testing tool: This is a bussiness specific usecase of Process Discovery tool. This helps SOX testing team to collect evidences and prepare evidence document in an automated way.

Inventa OCR: This is one of the Inventa RDA feature to automate OCR based automations.


Inventa RDA:

"Inventa RDA", Before we onboard UiPATH in 2022 here, there were only winautomation and automation anywhere tools in the firm to build RPA bots but there was no option to build RDA bots. You must aware of these terms, RPA and RDA, Let me give a hint,  RPA bots run in a dedicated server in the backend on the speficified scheduled window whereas RDA bots bill be controoled by user and will be running in the same user's Desktop. So we built this tool to help us to design and develop RDA bots and productionized in early 2019 time. 

As of now near to 100 RDA bots has been deployed so far and few of them has huge user base, almost more than 1000 users are being used.

If we want us to deploy a UiPath bot to 1000+ users, the lecence cost would be unimaginable. As it is home grown product we are not costing per user.


Inspace:

The problem with RDA bots are, they run in user's desktop and uses Mouse and Keyboard hooks and Also some times, The underlying systems should be in focus, this way, user should be sit iddle until bot completes the automation. The idea here is to make it possible to run RDA bots in an Isolated sessions and make user to work freely on his BAU. We have done a great research on how Microsoft window sessions will work. You know By default Microst enbled three sessions for each user desktop.   
session 1: "Ctrl+Alt+Del" session, this session allow only Ctrl+alt+del
session 2: "Login Session" session, this session allow us to fill only User ID and Password fill
Session 3: "Desktop", this is where our staff will be happening
Microsoft allows us to entend these sessions to more numbers using their Kernal API's, we utilises these system's low level API and creating Isolated spaces where only one bot can run with out enabling anyother functionality in the session.
=> UiPath is also having similar Feature called "Picture-In-Picture", But they use "Remote Desktop" feature, As per firm standards, "Remote Desktop" is disabled. will is not allowed
to use, UiPath team has requested us to provide the technology to fix their PIP issue. Along with "PIP" Now they have another feature to run bots in isolated spaces in their latest versions.
  